README.md, before:

# ARS

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.4.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Additional features added
a) Added localization 
b) Sass Support
c) Responsive 
d) Different major browser supported
e) Automation build
f) YSlow compliant
h) Best Practice Implemented
i) Continous integration implemented
j) Test cases implemented for major componenents

## Assumptions 
Vendor's brand image and style files are hosted in their respective domain. The url for the style and brand image is saved in the Database. These information will be received from the ARS server in the flight object.

Commit message:

[ADD] Created flight detail page

README.md, after:

# ARS

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.4.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Additional features added
a) Added localization 
b) Sass Support
c) Responsive 
d) Different major browser supported
e) Automation build
f) YSlow compliant
h) Implemented based on the Angular's official guideline
i) Continous integration implemented
j) Test cases implemented for major componenents
k) Page not found handled
l) Proper comments

## Assumptions 
Vendor's brand image and style files are hosted in their respective domain. The url for the style and brand image is saved in the Database. These information will be received from the ARS server in the flight object.
